It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong, you're watching
the China Show. I'm Annabelle Drooers
with Steven Angel.
>> Well, we're counting down the open of
the markets in greater China. Our top
stories this morning, [music] Asian
stocks edging higher as a cooling US
jobs market strengthens. Bets on a Fed
rate cut next week. The yuan grinding
closer as well to a [music] key level of
seven per dollar. Grinding stronger.
That is China's property crisis [music]
in focus with country garden expected to
get court approval for a $14 billion
[music] debt restructuring. But New
World fails to win support for a key
bond [music] exchange plan. Also ahead,
Emanuel Macron arrives in Beijing for
talks with President Xiinping set to be
dominated by a number of issues [music]
including Taiwan and trade.
>> And Jensen Hong talks chips with
President Trump. Nvidia said to be
[music] close to securing a win in
Congress on its push to sell to China.
[music]
Taking a look at the market action this
Thursday [music] morning and we're
seeing stocks here that are having a bit
of a recovery. So you've got US futures
that are flat, but but overnight in the
session, it was very much the narrative.
Bad news is good news, and that's what
happened when we got that that jobs
figures out from the ADP data, but
essentially more evidence that the labor
market is cooling in the US. So you're
going into that Fed decision next week.
You've already had the case very much
set for further easing, but again, it's
just another signal that you're going to
get that cut. And that of course is a
positive for a lot of assets. So you're
watching what's happening in the
Treasury space, for instance. uh we did
see them rising across the curve, but
the 2-year yield tracking back down to
that 3 and a.5% mark. Uh Bitcoin as
well, just to note, it's not listed
here, but but Bitcoin has been an
important asset cuz I think it shows you
that that whole the risk appetite is not
going across to every single asset class
cuz it's continuing to trade around that
93,000 mark for this one. Uh Golden
Dragon index as well because I think we
had the moves overnight in the session,
but but uh really just weakness there.
So following what we had in in Wednesday
trading for mainland equities also the
HCI China index rather in Hong Kong but
a drop. So here it was actually bad news
is bad news because we had the services
activity data showing the economy remain
sluggish. So that again was a downbeat
sentiment for for Chinese equities on
Wednesday. But coming into Thursday you
can see here futures looking like we'll
see some gains. I think if there's
really one asset we're going to be
watching in particular, it's it's what's
happening with the currency and we're
going to have that fix. Of course, had a
bit of dollar weakness overnight. We're
getting very close that seven handle
now.
>> Yeah, the yan strengthening, but not by
that much on a daily basis, but it's
definitely getting back towards that
seven to the dollar range.
>> All right. Uh let's bring in Hong now,
managing partner and CIO at Lotus Asset
Management. So, I mean, you've got kind
of two themes. If we can start China, we
can start the Fed. But I think if
there's sort of a broader narrative that
investors are looking at and I think
specifically around this reporting,
Kevin Hasset is firming up to be the Fed
chair. There's maybe a little bit of
concern. Is he going to be someone
that's too close to Trump and you're
going to see those market jitters once
again?
>> Well, I think everybody now sees that,
you know, whoever going to be the next
chair uh chairman for for the Fed uh he
is or she is going to cut uh interest
rate immediately and also expand the
balance sheet. And this is because you
know if you look at the repo market in
the in the near term right so the the
repo rate is shooting above uh the fed
fund rate. So that means that you know
the repo market liquidity is very very
tight. So whoever gets to be the next
chair uh you know he will have to cut
interest rate uh and also uh start
reexpanding the balance sheet
immediately.
I guess it's the question then of how
far along are we in the easing cycle
because yesterday we were talking about
just the number of different projections
we're getting from from FOMC officials
essentially I think it was 11 different
projections of where the neutral rate
should be and the last time we had that
survey back in September. So maybe okay
yeah one cut December is pretty much
done but what about for 2026 then?
>> Yeah I think we're looking I think the
market is looking for a couple of more
cuts uh in the coming year. uh I think
you know um if you look at the precious
m uh precious metal prices you know it's
already you know pricing in substantial
easing uh going forward and also
probably monetary inflation and I think
as a result you know if you look at
especially silver right so silver is a
cheaper uh precious metal right so it's
continue to make new highs and you know
people are betting on you know
aggressive rate cut and and fed balance
sheet expansion
>> where do you weigh in then on
essentially I know the stock market is
not the economy but with the mag 7 it is
a proxy obviously ly and there seems to
be a little bit of heat coming out again
concerns about the AI bubble and as well
investment going into AI as we've seen a
number of different fortune 500s uh
concerned about that.
>> Yeah, I think well before this quarter
uh the capex that is going into the AI
sector is actually still being funded by
free cash flow. Uh so I think as a
result you know I think before this
quarter everything looks okayish but I
think getting into this part you know
where you know you're actually uh
extending credits and borrowing money to
to do your capex then you know there
could be a casual problem going forward
and also if you if you look at the uh uh
the the uh valuation of of the max 7
right many of the related stocks you
know they look really frosty uh so I
think you know we are getting into a
bubbling stage uh but I think you know
at the last stage of the bubble is the
part where you get most of the return.
>> Where are tariffs going to play in the
inflation story going into 2026? Um I
think tariff well on one hand tariff is
going to suppress demand you know
because price has increased especially
essential items for many of the US
Americans but I think you know um in
general I think uh the effect from the
uh the uh uh the import taxes uh is
going to be lifting uh pricing pressure
for the US. So I think you know I think
as a result you know as you can see on
one hand the Fed is bound to cut
interest rate but then on the other hand
you know inflation pressure is actually
rising and that is auguring for monetary
inflation.
>> How do you game it out though because I
think that obviously there's there's
delayed transmission on that. I mean
right now you've got for instance
sort of the whole thing just being
kicked down the can you've road rather
the can being kicked down the road but
but Trump says he's going to be going to
to China in April of next year. I mean
maybe that's the point you actually see
some progress.
>> Um
one should hope so right. So I think you
know at the part where the economy is
still not in the recession and also you
know the the price pressure is rising
but not like very substantial pressure
on the economy and then the Fed starts
cutting interest rate. You know this is
the part where risks actually
outperform.
>> So my next question is kind of pivoting
as well into Asia and that's the
situation with the the US dollar. We
we're going to talk about the yuan a
little bit later that is inching
stronger slightly towards the towards
the seven andle but what's your outlook
given all what's going to happen with
the Fed and the interest rate cut
environment what's going to happen with
the dollar
>> yeah I think um the dollar is is in a
secular downtrend right so once the Fed
start cutting once the inflation uh the
inflation pressure and the US economy
starting to be felt by almost everyone
then people would you know start pricing
in a further uh uh dollar weakness uh so
it's It's a multi-year secular
downtrend. But then, you know, during
this downtrend, of course, you know,
we're going to see some uh technical
rebound. You know, for example, in
recent months, uh we're actually seeing,
you know, the uh the US dollar
stabilized around 96 and now it's back
up to 100 level. So, I think, you know,
you're going to see, you know, many of
these technical rebounds along the way,
but I think overall in the coming years,
uh the US uh dollar secular downtrend is
going to continue. Can you just go back
then I guess to to your commodities call
and as as well how the direction of the
dollar plays into that?
>> Uh well a weak dollar would be uh good
news for commodities obviously and you
know so besides the precious metal price
I mentioned just now if you look at
copper price for example right yes it's
going through the roof uh aluminium is
going through the roof as well. So I
think you know their strength is going
to continue uh you know as long as the
expectation for monetary inflation is in
place
>> but also the expectations of tariffs as
well with the copper story with a lot of
the inventories being brought into the
United States ahead of any potential
tariff shock and that's why we're seeing
fresh records in copper.
>> Yeah, I think you know he's trying to
make up his mind you know what to do
with with the copper tariff. You know
he's wavering. uh but I think you know
even if uh you know he hasn't make up
his mind on on on the duty on the import
duty I think you know we're at the part
of the economic cycle where you know
commodities tend to outperform
>> on the AI story as well because you you
mentioned that you maybe we're getting
toward the end of of that bubble what
does a deflation of the bubble look like
are we coming into a burst is it going
to be a slow deflation what's the
characteristics do you think
>> yeah I think all bubble burst at the end
so you know we've seen many any of these
episodes happen I think even in 20 uh
222 right so when the feds start raising
interest rate uh you know we actually
saw the uh the tech bubble deflated by
30% which is quite substantial uh so I
think this time around you know the
bubble is even bigger than before you
know everybody is putting in uh
tremendous amount of capital uh into
into the sector uh I think you know the
market tend to sort of over estimate uh
the impact on AI uh in the near term but
then in on the on the long term of
course you know AI is going to transform
the human society.
>> How does it play out then? I mean, who
gets most burnt? Cuz for instance, there
was the anthropic CEO speaking overnight
at a New York Times event, but saying
that they've been a little bit more
cautious in their capex and and spending
really just a fraction of what OpenAI is
looking at. So, if if you've been a
really heavy spender in this
environment, are you the one that gets
most burnt or is there something else
that you look at?
>> Yeah, I think people, you know, haven't
sort of made up their mind, you know,
the the US model really is that, you
know, the hyperscala, right? So you're
just throwing tremendous amount of money
on on AI, you know, trying to scale up.
But then the Chinese way really is, you
know, so we we're making do with limited
technology, limited supply of GPUs and
trying to maximize our output, you know,
from this limited resources. So it's
it's a very different uh model of of
development and also you know Chinese
development is open source. You for
example uh the dipstick uh a couple days
ago, right? So actually released a new
LRM that rivals uh the other the other
two updates.
>> That's right. So I think it's you know
both sides are making tremendous stride
in this area. Uh I think you know it's
two different models. Uh it remains to
be seen who gets to lead the world.
>> Later we're going to pivot to talk
exclusively about China later in the
show. You're going to stick around. But
I did want to ask you about the labor
market again because that's what's
fueling you know increased bets upwards
90% that we're going to get another
we're going to get a cut uh next week
Wednesday uh December 10th. But again it
also dovetales nicely with the AI
stories. We were seeing these corporates
laying off people. Was it Amazon 15,000
jobs? A number of things. So that's also
going to be as Belle talked about, the
bad news led to the good news on the
markets, but the bad news is also
leading to more bad news, possibly more
job losses and more labor market
weakness.
>> Yeah, I I think so. You know, you know,
as as this uh uh sort of a breakthrough
technology uh continue to develop,
right? So as you can see, you know, the
the the the lower echelon of the society
actually lose out, right? So people keep
talking about cave cfj economy. You know
the economy that is the part of the
economy that is dominating is the part
that require lots of capital right. So
because you know the AI capex is
humongous but then at the same time you
know as as the technology being
developed then you know we probably ne
less labor and therefore you know many
laborious jobs being cut out. So I think
I think as a result later on you know
this many of these jobs would have have
to be transformed into the other parts
of of the society where they find new
ways uh to make a living. You know for
example these days you know we have
YouTuber we have you know people uh kos
on in that is making like millions
millions of dollars and then you know
this is an entire entirely different uh
lifestyle that cannot be imagined a few
years ago. All right, Hongong, stay with
us because as we said, we're going to
get more views on on China in
particular. But that was the managing
director, managing partner rather, and
CIO of Lotus Asset Management sticking
with us and back with the China market
open in just a few minutes. Still ahead
though, because we're going to be
sticking with that big tech theme and
then the competition between [music] the
US and China. But Nvidia CEO Jensen
Huang doing the rounds yet again in
Washington. He's there really on a
regular basis
>> whenever Trump wants him there.
>> That's exactly what he told reporters.
having a meeting of course with
President Trump and talking about these
export controls to China. It's that big
question. H200, are they going to be
able to sell it? [music] Does China want
those chips as well? We'll get more on
what he's been saying next. But counting
down, as we said, to the open of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong,
futures are looking like we're going to
have a bit more of a positive start to
the session than yesterday. This is
China. This is the China show.
We just got the yuan fix [music] in the
last few moments here and you're seeing
quite a significant push back from the
PBOC on on the strength really we've
seen in the offshore currency because
the reference rate coming in at 70733
the estimate had been for 70569.
So really you have seen I mean it's not
just of course it's it's a it's a China
story you've got this optimism around
maybe that reproshma and and improving
relationships essentially but at the
same time you've had that dollar
weakness overnight and so that also
plays into the dynamic but we'll get
more context on that because we have
seen of course a string of fixes now uh
set above the estimates by traders
>> but they don't want it to strengthen too
fast.
>> No that is it's a man
orderly. Yes. [laughter]
>> All right. Well, French President
Emanuel Macron is due to meet with
China's leader Xiinping in the next hour
or so as he begins a three-day visit.
China is seeking backup from France in a
dispute with Japan over Taiwan among a
number of issues while Macron is likely
to push she to back down on
investigations into French pork and
dairy. Let's get more from our China
correspondent Min Lo. So I mean is
Taiwan I just came back from Taiwan
yesterday and obviously there are a lot
of issues going on uh as the offshoot
from the the row between Japan and
Beijing. Uh but is Taiwan going to
really play a significant part of
discussions uh when it's essentially
likely just going to focus on
emphasizing the one China policy and
what Beijing has been focusing on then
that is sort of reinterpreting the
historical narrative following the Cairo
agreement. the pot stdam declaration and
the San Francisco treaty post World War
II.
>> I think the outcome is not going to
change because I think France France
just doesn't want to wade into this
controversy unnecessarily. So they have
been calling for the status quo and I
think Emanuel Macron is not going to
repeat the mistake he he made two and a
half years ago when he came to China
where he made some comments about Taiwan
talking about how Europe needs to
maintain strategic autonomy, how it
shouldn't be involved in accelerating a
crisis that is not their own. And that
comment at the time was seen as, you
know, something that perhaps limits
France's support for Taiwan. And it
brought a lot of backlash for Macron.
And I think China now wants to hear
something similar again from Macron
because Wangi yesterday uh we got this
from the foreign ministry statement. and
Wangi had told his French counterpart in
Beijing that he hopes France would
understand China's legitimate position
on Taiwan, that France would support
China to prevent Takayichi from stirring
up trouble here in this region and
repeating the World War II mistakes. And
interestingly, ahead of this trip, uh,
Wangi already made a call to Macron's
political adviser, sending the same
message. And right after that, the
Japanese national security official also
made a call to the French uh to to
Macron's political adviser and the two
sides, France and Japan then said that
they would expand security cooperation
and commit to a free and open
Indopacific. So Macron is clearly
juggling a balancing act here.
>> The narrative ducks are being put in
line by both sides, right? Then how does
that also play into to I guess Taiwan's
efforts to to bolster its standing on
the international stage which China
obviously doesn't want. But the trade
negotiations are ongoing between Taipei
and Washington. What's the latest on
that front?
>> Yeah, this is where I think there is a
bit of a push back from Taiwan because
we heard from Howard Lutnik yesterday on
CNBC where he hinted that he is seeking
this investment pledge from Taiwan. He
said something north of $300 billion,
which is quite a big sum for a small
island nation. It's not clear whether
that amount would include the pledges
already made by companies like TSMC
beefing up that Arizona plant already
involves hundred billion dollars or so
of investment or more. Um, but yes, and
we hear Taiwanese president Lena saying
at a different forum that this pledge uh
that the US is seeking could only be
achievable if they also get some level
of support from the US. when it comes to
land acquisition, electricity and water
supply, talent development, um
immigration laws, we want to avoid a
sort of raids on those South Korean uh
factories in the US, right? That had
spooked a lot a lot of South Korean
investors. So clearly a bit of a tussle
going on here and we know that Taiwan
has been seeking to lower those tariffs
from 20% to 15%.
>> All right, that was our China
correspondent Mim Min Low there. We are
going to also shift tac as well because
on the tech scene it's really that
question around China's access to to
advanced semiconductors from the US.
Would Washington be looking to to allow
for instance Nvidia to sell more
advanced products but also would China
be willing to accept them? But to that
end, uh, we actually heard from Jensen
Hang just in the last couple of hours
because he was in Washington on Tuesday
or Wednesday rather, meeting with
President Trump, also other US
officials, but talking about this very
question, whether Chinese companies and
whether Beijing of course will give
approval for them to buy the H200 chip
if the US allowed their sale.
>> Going toe-to-toe against anyone,
the American technology industry has
nothing to fear. We are mighty, we're
fast, we're inventive, we'll take
anybody on. In the case of China,
um, we shouldn't concede the entire
market to them. They're formidable, but
conceding that entire market, uh, we
ought to go compete for it.
>> Yeah. So, I think that's a really
interesting point that he's made there.
And, and I mean, Jensen Wong has sort of
said this on a number of different
occasions. His his main view is that you
can't just simply
>> sell a degraded degraded market. I was
going to say dumb down, but that's
definitely a more eloquent way of
putting it.
>> They've seen that. They've they've seen
their chips obviously be uh limited by
export controls from Trump and then a
flip-flop and then the H20 was all of a
sudden, which is a watered down or
degraded AI accelerator, allowed to go
into China. But what happened? China
said, "We don't want it. We don't want a
degraded chip and that's what Huang said
and we don't want one that we can also
sort of say there might be security
backd doors.
>> I think it's also a question though
because even I mean part of it exactly
it's that security back doors and that's
the concern from Beijing and and I don't
even know even if you could do H200
sales into China whether China would
really approve them because obviously it
their biggest push is for national
security and to build up their own tech
self-sufficiency. So
again, it's I think it's it's it's a big
question. Maybe you can sell, but China
might still not want them. Even if its
companies do, the government doesn't.
>> Well, there's also this gain AI act,
which we're hearing is likely to be
well, we've already learned essentially
that the restrictions on the AI chip
sales to China was not included in that.
So that tells us the lobbying by Nvidia
did work and that's going to go forward.
perhaps uh does give a little bit of
wind in the sales to Jensen Hong's u aim
and that is to at least be allowed to
sell the most advanced chips or even a
step down to China.
>> All right. Uh just taking you back as
well because this happened in the last
few minutes. We had that yuan fix coming
out and as we were saying it's it's
quite a wide gap between what traders
were anticipating where it's actually
been set uh by by the reference rate
this morning. But you can see here this
is actually being dubbed the most
forceful signal since 2022. So yes, we
were talking about trying to slow those
yuan gains. China maybe is open to an
appreciation down to that sevil handle,
but they do want to happen in an orderly
way as well.
>> Yeah, that's right. So I think that's
going to be the redhead going forward in
[music] the next week or so if it does
cross over seven into six territory.
>> All right, more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Keeping an eye still on what's happening
with the offshore yuan this morning
because we have seen quite a big push
back from the PBOC this morning to the
recent strength that we've seen in the
offshore currency and onshore as well.
Essentially, we had the daily reference
rate in the last 10 minutes or so at a
level that was significantly weaker than
the average estimate in a Bloomberg
survey. So, it's just an indication to
us the central bank here wants to Okay.
Yeah. Tap the brakes a bit.
>> Exactly. Tap the brakes.
>> I mean, there have been growing chorus
of calls including yesterday,
the chief strategist at CIC, saying now
is the time to allow the yuan to
strengthen. It'll give a little bit more
purchasing power for uh Chinese
consumers. They want to boost
consumption. They also want to import
more. So that gives a bit more of a
fatter wallet for China to import more.
Uh and again it's just um goes in line
in lock step with what Hong talked about
and that is a weakening dollar.
>> Yeah, that's right. We had seen that
dollar weakness overnight especially
after you had those ADP figures coming
through. More signs of weakness in
[music] the US labor market. But we'll
leave you there. Uh we are looking at
some gains at the open here particularly
notable for the tech stocks and also
[music] the HSCI. The open is next and
this is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. You [music] are watching
the China show. We're counting down to
the open of the markets in wow 40
seconds. The countdown is on bell.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, we are
looking for some some gains here [music]
really across the board today in the
session. It's following what we're
seeing broadly for Asian equities and
what we had in the Wall Street session
overnight because as we were saying,
[music] we had that labor figure coming
out or the jobs figures coming out from
the ADP numbers and [music] just telling
us there's more signs of weakness in the
US labor market. So, that really does
bolster the case for the Fed to cut next
week.
>> [music]
>> So that's the story for for as we said
equities in Asia the complex in January
seeing a bit of a rotation as well away
from from tech stocks is something to
track of course for a lot of these tech
heavy benchmarks in Asia [music] like
Taiwan, Japan and Korea. But this
morning we're taking a look at what's
happening in the mainland session
because yesterday it was actually a
story of of bad news is bad news because
we had some uh essentially some economic
data coming out just pointing to more
sluggishness in the economy. You've got
those woes in the property sector that
are extending. So we did see Chinese
mainland equities under pressure in the
session also in Hong Kong but this
morning you are just lifting off a
little bit in the session so far
continuing to track as we've been saying
what we're seeing with the the offshore
yuan also the onshore currency this
morning but really notable fix today
because we actually saw the weakest fix
relative to estimates going back to 2022
and so you have really seen just that
push back now from the PBOC quite
forcefully against the strength that
you've seen the currency
Lots and lots of calls out there. We
will or can we hit when will we hit uh
that seven handle? But let's take a look
at what's happening in Hong Kong
equities today as well because uh a
couple of different things we're
tracking. I think when you take a look
at the specific stocks to watch, uh
there's going to be one in focus and
that's going to be new world for us
because we had that debt swap or bond
swap target but it's actually failed.
It's come short. We've got Trista with
us here on set. Uh so we'll get more
details on that in just a moment. But
what else we're watching of course is is
Country Garden because they've got that
hearing on their debt restructuring. So
again, I think one of the key questions
here really at the heart of cases like
New World, like Country Garden, like
Vanka is do you see the Chinese property
market rebounding or recovering anytime
soon?
>> Yeah, Vanka is another one you can throw
in there as well to discuss. So um yeah,
all opening up a little bit lower right
now. Still with us is Hal Hong, managing
partner and CIO of Lotus Asset
Management. Maybe I'll I'll get your
comments as well on the property market
in just a little bit, but let's uh pivot
again back to the yuan. Uh it looks like
the POC is sort of tapping the brakes a
little bit on the pace of acceleration
towards seven. Why would they be doing
that when there's been a growing chorus
of economists, significant economists,
including the chief strategist at CIC
saying now is a good time? It'll give
it'll stimulate a little bit of domestic
consumption, give more buying power for
imports. What's your what's your case?
Well, I think if you look at the real
effective exchange rate uh of the
Chinese yen, it's probably one of the
most underappreciated currency in the
world, right? In the sense that in the
last couple of years, you know, the the
real effective exchange rate has
depreciated by more than 25%. All right?
So, depending on which way you look at
it. Uh so, I think, you know, it could
be one of the strategic move by the
Chinese government, you know, trying to
grab market share uh on the high-end
manufacturing sector. But I think now
you know we get to a point where the
Chinese manu manufacturing sector is
producing 13 to 15% of the uh total
value at of the global manufacturing
industry. Uh and also you know the
comparative advantage of of many of the
Chinese industries are probably doesn't
have to depend on the cheap currency you
know to chip away uh the other countries
advantage. So I think as a result you
know this is a good time to appreciate
the UN and with an re uh reappreciation
of the Chinese yen uh there should be a
revaluation of the Chinese asset price.
>> Sorry B how how much stronger does it
get into next year?
>> Well past seven.
>> Yeah it should
>> what level then?
>> Yeah I well if you if you look at back
in 2018 right so the the when there was
the first trade war the Chinese at the
start of the trade war was at 690ish
below 690 right so we should go back to
that level.
And then you said reappreciation of
asset prices. Which assets are you
looking at in particular?
>> Yeah, I think um in general the Chinese
stocks tend to be a good play. Uh you
know when the Chinese yen appreciate uh
there's a close relationship uh you know
with a stronger Chinese yen and a
stronger Hong Kong market and Asia
market in particular the Hong Kong
market. Uh I think also you know because
China is still a large importer of
global commodities and that will all go
well for commodity price as well. We're
going to get to Trista in just a minute
to talk about the property market, but
again the the overarching rhetorical
question is where is and when are we
going to see the bottom to the market
doesn't look like we're going to see it
given uh you know the troubles at New
World, Country Garden, Vanka and others.
Yeah, I think uh yeah in particular Veni
has been in a bit of a trouble right so
they probably going to delay the payment
but if you look at what happened in the
past couple of years right so on on one
hand you know the uh the Chinese
property market continue to climb but
then at the same time the Chinese
economic growth maintain sort of steady
as it goes right for a couple past
couple of years so what that means is
that you know the the Chinese economy
has been undergoing a transition in the
last couple of years you know from a
overly dependent uh property dependent
model into a new sort of high-tech
manufacturing driven model and it is
showing result you know otherwise how
could you explain you know on one hand
you know the property related data is so
ugly but then at the same time you know
the the the economy seems to be doing
fine
>> yeah questions actually over the
withholding of certain property data as
well and then [laughter]
>> that's right yeah that doesn't help
confidence probably not
>> yeah but I I think the uh uh investors
can still pay to get access to it though
>> Morgan Stanley I was I'm curious then
for your view if if you're saying that I
mean just in general that appetite for
property. He had a roundt conversation
this week over in mainland China and and
Robin Shing that is the bank's chief
China economist but talking about this
need maybe for mortgage aid and for for
China actually to return to or turn to
mortgage subsidies to try and prop up uh
the market. I mean is that a good policy
move? Would you recommend a policy move
like that?
>> Yeah, I think it would be a good policy
move. I think they should just cut
mortgage rate to zero. Right. So, so
people don't have to pay uh for interest
payment then they just live in the house
for for free for a few years wait until
the the the the market bounce back. I
think that way you know you know on one
hand you you lessen the burden of you
know people's repayment repayment of
mortgage and then on on the other hand
you free up all this money you know to
to do other things and I think you know
everybody knows that by the time when it
gets to uh 2020 2021 you know the
property price has peaked uh and I think
we're now 30 30% down from the peak uh I
I still think that there there will be
further correction to go but you know
doing this correction how do you
minimize how do you sort of lessen the
pain for people who bought at the peak
you know, is say, you know, you you you
you free up the uh mortgage payment for
those people and then, you know, let
them free up the money to do other
things.
>> I saw a statistic, I can't remember, I
can't recall the number right now, but
the number of households in China right
now that are in negative equity, uh it's
just hard to climb out from. We've we've
seen that in Hong Kong in the downside
as well. It's it's vicious as well. So,
it's a very difficult one to get out of.
Uh but I also, you know, sort of
adjacent uh story is the input cost for
the property market. Can you guys bring
back up the copper prices that are now
the futures the SFE on the copper the
numbers stood out to me because we did
see the the global rally in copper
overnight uh to record levels uh but up
again another 2%. So we are seeing in sh
the Shanghai future so you're seeing um
you know that that's an input cost to
property as well isn't it? uh yes um you
know property tend to be very sort of uh
resource intensive right and then
capital intensive too I think you know
despite much efforts you know trying to
rescue the sector uh you know there's
still substantial overhang uh that is
ongoing in the market and also you know
many of these developers who is now in
in trouble they still have you know
thousands of projects uh being being
built uh in the market so I think you
know in the near term it's difficult to
see a immediate solution illusion to uh
to the sector. But then I think over the
long term you know you know things would
would would get drawn out interest rate
would be cut uh debt would be
restructured and and many of the
commercial banks may have to shelter uh
you know the uh the cost of
restructuring.
>> You mentioned earlier about uh how Hong
Kong stocks in particular can benefit
from that yuan appreciation and another
factor of course is the Fed easing again
that that plays into the conversation
for your preference around A8 shares
then for next year. What do you pick?
>> Um, I say I'll just buy them both. Uh,
[laughter]
well, look, this year, uh, the Hong Kong
the Hong Kong market rallies
substantially, right? So, there's a, uh,
uh, the the the premium of, uh, Xia Asia
to Xia actually lessened, uh, this year,
uh, to to a historic low. So, I think,
you know, if if history is a guy, you
know, then Asia should do better than,
uh, Xia in in in the next year. But then
at the same time, you know, because Asia
is doing well and also because we we're
going to see some earnings recovery uh
and also strong policy support for the
economy because it's the first year of
the five-year plan, then Hong Kong, you
know, as a benchmark shouldn't be doing
too poorly either.
>> Mhm.
>> All right. So, it's we're already into
December, so I guess I can have you put
on your your prognostication cap. What's
going to be the dominant theme that
we're going to be talking about through
2026 when it comes to the China market?
I mean with central economic work
conference is going to be meeting. We're
going to have the NPC to set sort of uh
you know kind of reconfirm what they've
already done behind closed doors and
that's the next 5year plan.
>> So what's going to be 2026 dominant
theme other than geopolitics is they
kind of constantly remaring in the
background.
>> Yeah. Well, I think you know, one of the
dominant theme is that um the technology
development is going into a accelerated
pace, right? So, I think next year we're
going to see a lot more stuff going on,
breakthroughs in semiconductor sector,
uh AI, large language model and all that
and robotic movements for example. Uh
and and then at the same time, uh we're
going to hear a lot more on Chinese
consumption, right? So there will be
policies, you know, trying to help
Chinese consumers to consume more spend
the money, you know, more social
security reform, that kind of stuff. Uh
and then I think lastly, uh we're
probably uh going to talk about uh uh
more on, you know, how best to resolve
the property uh situation, you know,
because it's a situation that has been
going on for years
>> because more consumption doesn't mean
buying property.
>> No, buying stocks maybe. Then just on
that tech story as well, what's the what
is the the the theme then that you watch
in particular because I think that
Chinese tech companies I mean you've
obviously got those e-commerce wars that
are ongoing affecting some of them but
the other story as well is around low
monetization rates for for cloud
companies like Alibaba on that side. Is
it more the story that you watch with
increasing adoption and and driving
better
better profit margins for instance? What
is the actual tech theme? Yeah, I think
you know many of the companies are still
spending a lot of money right so but if
you if you look at the development of
Alibaba right so recently has make a lot
of breakthrough uh in uh AI and also you
know it's already the second largest
cloud computing company in the world
many people didn't know know that uh and
and so I think next year you know just
now you you mentioned that uh China is
going to stop using the H20 uh H00200
chips yeah the GPUs
>> if they're allowed to buy them
>> and uh and the Chinese uh the Chinese
government is very determined uh to
build its own chip. Uh I think it's
making some progress um um not yet uh
catching up the US pace but there are
progresses that is being made in China.
I think next year is going to accelerate
you know because there will be a lot
more capex going into this sector and
that's why you if you look at the
semiconductor companies they're doing
exceedingly well this year. Yeah. And I
think one of the things that China has
as well is really a finger in in many
parts of of the semiconductor ecosystem
as well from the designers, foundaries,
material suppliers. Yeah. All right. How
Hong, thank you very much for joining us
this morning. That was How Hong there,
managing partner and CIO of Lotus Asset
Management. And as we've been discussing
these these developments in the the pri
China property sector also in Hong Kong
because Hong Kong based New World has
failed to get full support for a bond
exchange plan that required creditors to
accept cuts in the value of their
holdings. Let's get more with our China
credit reporter Trista Shin joining us
for more. So Trista, yes, we we teased
you in the open of the markets there
that you were here with us and you are
here with us, but but just talk to us
about this this debt swap and and what
the final results tell us about really
the outlook for New World.
>> Yeah. So obviously not everyone buy this
plan, right? Um so some creditor
actually choose to become the hold out
and because if more debt uh going to
come and they their existing holding
could zoom higher. So I think that's
their bets right now. But I mean even
though uh new world failed to win the
full support, they still gained 72% of
that support from you know those
creditors. So u it still managed to cut
more than1 billion dollar debt from it
existing depo. So that's to be honest is
a really good news for new wall. But I
think people right now are watching
what's going to happen next for this.
>> That's my next question before we move
on to country garden and banka and
others. what what should we be watching
for next with uh new world?
>> Yeah, I think people are expecting
whether they will roll out another run
of liability management exercise because
they still have lots of you know
remaining perpetual bonds with dividend
stopper. So that's a key thing uh
investor are watching right now and also
people are wondering whether there will
be any capital injection plan coming in
or any sizable acts at disposal.
I think you're actually heading out
there just in a few minutes, but we do
have that hearing on the debt
restructuring for Country Garden. You're
probably under time pressure here
because it starts at 10:00 a.m. So, uh
what are we expecting?
>> So, Country Garden today will present um
uh offshore uh restructuring plan to
court and it will see final blessing so
that they can you know proceeds the
plan. uh the plan will help country
guardian to cup more than 11 billion
debt and but you know even though with
that uh restructuring is still uh we all
know that because of what happened on
bank recently so the the property
property market hasn't picked up yet so
I think people are still facing a lot of
uncertainty on
>> anything we should be watching for right
now on vanka you just mentioned them as
well
>> um so anka I think everyone's waiting
for the final version of the UN bond
extension plan so I think that's the
thing we're watching and also next week
Vancer will hold bomb uh whole meeting
with Yan bond holder trying to discuss
that disposal.
>> All right, China credit reporter Trista
Shini Lua, thanks so much for joining
us. You're looking soon. You'll be
looking at live footage that this is
live footage here as well. Oh, there we
go. Uh that I believe is the great hall
of the people, GI Hop as we know it uh
colloquially in Beijing as China gets
set to welcome the French president
Emanuel Macron. Obviously, there are a
lot of issues with these state issues
with a key European leader coming. You
know, Bel, I just came back from Taiwan
where the foreign minister, the foreign
affairs minister, uh, Lynn was telling
me he's made three trips this autumn
already to Europe. The vice president,
Xiaoi Kim, uh, was also in Europe
addressing lawmakers. I think there's a
there's sort of a fullcourt pressed uh
movement by a number of uh players in
this ongoing China, Japan, Taiwan
dispute trying to gauge and also garner
uh some sort of diplomatic support for
their positions when it when it comes to
the Taiwan issue and one China issue.
>> Yeah. And I think it's going to be
really interesting to see how it plays
into this visit because Mcron actually
does and has put a lot of effort into
developing that relationship with
President Xi over over a number of years
now. But but they're obviously in that
position France as well of being one of
the five permanent members on the United
Nations Security Council. So that gives
them the veto power, but it also gives
them significant influence really over
over issues that relate to international
peace security as well.
>> Sure. Sure. I mean, Mron has put forward
his own peace plan a while back for
Ukraine. Obviously, he has his thoughts
on that. China has come up with some
certain bullet points uh for finding a
lasting peace. Uh and again, then
there's always that parallel as well. Is
Taiwan the next flash point? So,
>> yeah, exactly. So, we're going to be
watching any comments that we get on the
Ukraine war and also France's plans to
address what's what they've called
essentially global imbalances, but China
relying too much on exports to fuel its
growth. We'll get more on this. As we
said, Macron [music] set to meet with
President Xi soon. This is the China
show.
[music]
taking a look at oil prices this morning
and also what's [music] happening across
broad broader markets because we are
seeing really equities I mean we're 15
minutes into the session this morning
and we started a little bit more
positive but we since flipped into
negative territory so I mean it could be
I guess
maybe some questions around the health
of the property sector continuing to
weigh some sluggish data out yesterday
just pointing to economic delays
That is that is what we're seeing so
far.
>> Yeah, it's not an overwhelmingly
positive sentiment in the market right
now. A little bit tenuous. We thought we
were going to be seeing some gains, but
again, that's pretty unh just went
unchanged. It was listening to me. They
[laughter] said, "Well, you're right,
Steve." Oh, no. There we go. In the red
again.
>> All right, let's take a look then.
What's happening in oil markets? We'll
get more context on China equities
later, but oil markets actually, we have
seen oil just ticking up a little bit.
It's continuing that way as we get into
Thursday trading. But we'll bring in
Steven Sapchinsky who leads our Asia
energy coverage. So Stephen, I I think a
lot of the question has been really
around oil prices, the outcome of what's
happening between talks uh essentially
do we get any sort of accord between
Ukraine and Russia being signed and
what's the following impact?
>> Yeah, I mean that's precisely it right.
So we had the meetings between uh the US
and Russia earlier this week and the
outcome is no breakthrough on on a peace
deal in Ukraine. Now, prices had been
kind of falling uh over the last week
out of an expectation that maybe
something would come out of this, right?
If there is a peace deal, there's a wide
expectation in the market that the Trump
administration might roll back sanctions
that they slapped on Russia's oil
sector. If you don't if you're not
caught up, uh they they kind of
surprised the market uh in in the last
few weeks by slapping sanctions on Luke
Oil and Rosnft, major Russian uh oil
exporters and suppliers. and Asian
countries here have been kind of
scrambling to find alternatives and not
get in the way of the White House's
crosshairs. Now, there's also a wider
view that if there is some sort of peace
deal, it's not just the sanctions, it's
just an overall acceptance of Russian
oil as well. So, that adds more oil to a
market that's looking pretty frothy
right now and then turns into an
overupply next year. If you if you
believe the analysts IA from Goldman
Sachs as well, they're expecting quite a
bit a big over supply and that will
further weigh on prices. So the addition
of Russian crude just kind of adds to
that bearish sentiment.
>> Hey Steve, um how much is the Venezuela
situation where the Trump is again
reiterating possible strikes on land
against drug cartels? What impact on the
oil markets will that have?
Uh so there are two things right there's
the sentiment which it it does have an
impact on sentiment when we saw um over
the weekend he made those comments you
did see a bit of an increase in oil
prices um uh earlier this week. Uh but
when you actually look at what Venezuela
produces and the actual impact on how
much it adds to market it's it's not a
very uh enormous supplier. It's
incremental. And so when you actually
just take that into view, even if there
is action by the White House, we're not
going to have a huge reaction on the
market.
>> Hey Stephen, thanks so much. Steve
Stinski, who leads our Asia energy
coverage, uh we're seeing the live
footage here of Emanuel Macron and his
wife are coming into the great hall of
the people shaking hands with President
Xiinping. State visit. I think he's made
four trips there, hasn't he? Since
taking office in 2017. Yeah, his last
visit to China was two and a half years
ago, but he's coming into into Beijing
once again
against this cloud with with Taiwan in
the spotlight. This is really set to be
one of the big issues because we've
already had uh China's top diplomat, for
instance, Wangi, condemning Takiichi's
provocative remarks on Taiwan and also
already calling for France and China to
support each other. So, it's it's
certainly going to be maybe not an issue
that Mcron necessarily wants to address
or highlight as one of the primary ones,
but it would be interesting to see for
China.
>> I think it's in France's best interest
that they also see a deescalation in
this tension uh between Japan and China.
So again, um I I don't think Macron will
necessarily have absolutely
earthshattering comments on this other
than to possibly see a deescalation at a
time when Beijing is not necessarily
backing down. State media is ramping up
the calls uh for Takiichan in Tokyo to
apologize and also for Tokyo to retract
those comments uh that she made about
essentially any attack on Taiwan would
be a survival threatening situation for
Japan. Yeah. So, you're just seeing here
these live pictures. Again, you've got
quite a large delegation that's come
with uh President Mcron uh from France.
Of course, there's always that
expectation. What business deals are you
going to see being signed on the
sidelines as well?
>> So, the last time he was in Beijing, you
mentioned I think it was 20 23 he
secured commercial deals uh including
for Airbus. Uh of course, Airbus has
that uh final assembly plant in Tanzhin
which they're expanding. Uh so again, I
think that's what we have to always
watch on a state visit. What kind of
commercial deals can he secure for
French companies?
>> It's interesting though because in the
time since his last visit, it's also
been a period where you've seen quite a
strong push back from across the EU
really on China exporting over capacity
and and Macron was someone who was
instrumental in persuading the block to
impose tariffs on Chinese EVs last year.
And then also since that point he's been
pushing the EU to try and deploy trade
tools to to again respond to those
Chinese restrictions on rare earth. So I
mean yes you want those deals but you've
also got to balance the the the trade
imbalance essentially between the
countries.
>> I'm curious to see as well in these
talks. Of course we're not going to be
there. We're not going to be the fly on
the wall. uh but for the readouts on
what is said and what Macron will say
directly to Xiinping about the support
that Beijing is giving to Russia in the
war in Ukraine. That is something that
is very dear to European leaders.
>> Yeah, he certainly uh has has really had
a long run running push essentially for
President Xi to try and use his
influence to end that war. But I think
actually talking about fly on the war
and curious for the readouts. I think
what's going to be also interesting from
this trip in particular is just the
amount of time they're going to have to
talk through the issues because what
sets this state visit apart from others
that we see or what makes it also
particularly unusual is that uh aside
from these full meetings in Beijing, the
two leaders are actually going to be
heading to the southwestern city of
Changdu according to the French
president's office. So that is actually
quite rare for for she to meet a world
leader at a second location outside of
the capital
>> in Sichuan province. So again, um,
[music] spending 3 days in Beijing.
>> Yeah.
>> Or in China.
>> All right, we'll leave you there with
those live pictures. As you said,
Emanuel Mcron, [music] the French
leader, meeting with Chinese President
Xi Jinping. More ahead. You're watching
the China Show. [music]
[music]
Welcome back to the China show and we
are taking you [music] to live pictures
this morning of what's going on in
Beijing because we have Chinese leader
Xi Jinping welcoming [music]
uh the French President Emanuel Mcron to
to Beijing. He has been to the Chinese
capital several times in the past but
actually not in the [music] last two and
a half years. So lots on the agenda
coming into this state visit. I mean you
everything from Ukraine to obviously
trade restrictions and export controls
and selling uh you know French goods
into China and vice versa as well as
Taiwan. Uh Beijing will be looking to
get Macron support for uh the narrative
that Beijing has been pumping out in
recent weeks and that is of course there
is one China and that's been their
steadfast uh position. Uh but again,
state media has been kind of reworking
this postworld war II narrative uh that
essentially started with the Cairo
agreement before the end of the war,
Potsdam declaration at the end of the
war and then the San Francisco treaty in
1951 essentially that Taiwan belongs to
the rightful ruler of China even though
the Republic of China Taiwan government
essentially was the power at the end of
the war. So there's an interesting
narrative that is being pushed by
Beijing right now.
>> Yeah. Essentially trying to frame it as
a domestic issue and not one in that
case that deserves any sort of
international interference.
>> Well, that the post World War II order
that was designated by those agreements
essentially seeds Taiwan to mainland
China.
>> All right, let's take a look at what's
happening in markets this morning
because we're half an hour into the
session so far for Hong Kong mainland
equities and we actually have seen a
reversal of sorts. You can see the CSI
300 3/10en of a percent under pressure
today, but it's actually quite mixed
moves that you're seeing. I mean, you've
got the Cosby down around a percent.
You've got the Nicke moving in the other
direction up 1.3% in the session today.
What could be playing into the Japanese
story as well is the Japanese banks
because that has been really one of the
best performing sectors, the financials,
these expectations. You're going to see
uh the BOJ moving when it meets later
this month. Speaking about central bank
activity, of course you're counting down
to that allimp important Fed decision.
Uh yesterday we had the ADP jobs figures
for instance further signs of weakness
in the labor market. And so it again
tells you that stage is very much set
for easing in the December meeting. What
happens going into 2026, but equities
across the board are just moving a
little bit higher so far. China, as we
said, we've really just seen it sort of
fluctuating a bit in the session, but
now mostly moving to the downside this
morning. really if you talk look take a
look at where is our attention fixed
this morning it's been very much that
push back we saw from the PBOC uh to
what has been that yuan appreciation
heading back down to the seven handle we
just had how hongon for instance he's
saying you're going to go below that
coming into 2026 69 even testing 69 but
let's look at uh where the currency goes
from here as we said the PBOC setting
its daily reference rate for the
currency at the weakest level we've seen
relative to estimates
going back to 2022. So joining us is our
Bloomberg Intelligence Chief Asia FX and
rate strategist Steven Sh. So thanks
Stephen. What did you what did you think
when you saw that fixed crossing earlier
today?
>> I think it makes a lot of sense because
obviously China want to slow it again
especially when it touches it breaks
seven it's going to accelerate and now
as you said we still have the Fed coming
in. If we have a very doish decision
hinting for markets next year the dollar
drops that will be a problem for an even
stronger UN. You think that's why
because the chorus coming from the US
right now is is pretty much a foregone
conclusion that there will be a rate cut
from the Fed on next Wednesday. 25 basis
points I think is the the consensus. Uh
but that that is the beginning of
further dollar weakness. They want to
get PBC wants to get ahead of this.
>> I think it's beyond that. It's more
about the new Fed lineup. Whether we're
talking about a new chair or like a new
members, it's really likely to be more
dovish compared to what we have right
now. So if that happens, if market sells
of the dollar, then the UN will have to
rise passively anyway. So now protecting
that seven before they get more clarity
regarding the Fed situation is very
important.
>> Yeah, I guess sort of the wild card in
that situation is is the level of
comfort that that traders might have
with someone like Kevin Hasset being at
the head of the Fed and and maybe
creating a little bit of jitters and the
risk of another Liz Trust moment. What's
the what's the level that the PBOC feels
comfortable with the PBOC uh rather with
the yuan to sit at and in what sort of
time frame do you think? Yeah, I think
from a bilateral base obviously seven is
one they're looking at. From a basket
perspective, now we're talking about a
cas basket of 97 98 which is very close
to where we were at beginning of the
year. So I think around this level they
will protect it. But I I do agree that
the UN will strengthen regardless going
forward. Does it need to strengthen at
this time? Because that's again the
chorus of economists from the CIC and
others are saying now is a really good
time. They want to boost domestic
consumption. they want to import more.
>> Actually, I'm going to brag here because
we had the view since September that UN
[laughter] is going UN is going to rally
beyond seven and that's not just because
of the dollar because if you look at
look look across Asia in the second half
of the year we had a strong dollar but
UN is still one of the outperformer and
still rally and that's down to
fundamentals. Let's just forget about
the US China trade trials. Just look at
China alone. You look at like the
exports, trade surplus, FDI coming back.
All these are basically building up UN
appreciation pressure. What's the flow
on then into into the bond space as
well? Because even just looking at
what's been happening in in the debt
market this morning and you yesterday
you saw that that 30-year government
bond rising the most the yields since
October.
>> Yeah, we're happy about that. Again, a
second break for the day. It's
[laughter] we had the view of higher
yields as well in GGB space. Obviously,
this year the sentiment in China is
better a better equity sentiment and
also like the easing expectation for
PBLC has eased a little bit. So, yields
are way too low compared to
fundamentals. So for 10 year we think at
least we have to go back to near 2%.
>> Fellow Stephen, brag all you want.
[laughter] That's good. That's good. You
can find all those calls on the
Bloomberg terminal.
>> That's all right. That was our Bloomberg
intelligence chief Asia FX and rate
strategist Steven Shu has been right
once or twice it seems. All right. Uh
let's get more on the market action.
Bring in Thomas Pulawek. He's head of
global investment solutions APAC and
portfolio manager at Tro Price as well.
So yeah, I mean we can maybe get started
on that. the expectations around, okay,
where the currency goes. But but let's
just talk about the Fed first as well
and and this expectation for easing and
and what that easing cycle actually
looks like cuz I think there's quite a
bit of divergence that's forming now on
exactly how many more cuts are needed.
>> Yeah, that's correct. Look, the um it's
pretty much a forgotten conclusion for
this week, but for what matters is next
year. I guess what we see is that we are
a bit more sanguin on the uh US economy
where we um of course uh the job market
is um something to monitor but is
fragile but not really cracking uh much
and we see some inflation pressure
continuing to be there with service
inflation in particular being quite
sticky and also goods disinflation
stopping. So we see that the Fed might
not be able to do as much cut as what
the market is pricing and that could
push yields higher.
>> So before we start talking about
obviously some of your main conviction
calls including EM stocks and how that
possibly uh you know an easing cycle
from the Fed is going to weigh or or you
know impact this part of the world. Uh I
want to dovetail from that inflation
picture as well in the US with gold and
and copper. We're seeing record highs
again with copper. I think a lot of
shipments are coming in ahead of
possible sanctions uh or tariffs, excuse
me, on on that metal. Um so what's your
outlook then as a conviction call as
well the continued rise of gold and then
copper prices at record it right now.
>> Yeah. So I don't want to brag like why
[laughter] not
>> please do it's we welcome it.
>> No but that's um copper miners has been
a position that we started in 2023 and
is still a long position in our
portfolio. Similarly, gold miners has
been something that we incepted more at
the beginning of this year and uh this
is on the back of strong capital
expenditure, strong capital discipline
from these miners which was not the case
in the past and the fact that this is
more a structural uh imbalances between
supply and demand in these two metals
which are really bringing uh prices of
the metals higher yet the cost of
production is quite lower. So I instead
of going long the metals, I would be
preferring to go long the miners because
you have a more uh higher beta
sensitivity to the um uh to the price of
the metals and you are benefiting from
uh strong corporate governance which are
generating uh free cash flow as well as
a good dividend yield.
>> Then another sector that you're also
positive on is is health care which is
more of a defensive play. Is that is
that how you look at it?
>> Yeah, it's um at some stage you you also
want to see some of the the turning
point uh in some of these sectors. It
has been an unloved sector for quite
some time. It has been underperforming
the market for quite some time and yet
you have a lot of things uh that are
turning around. In fact, Warren Buffett
was more of a catalyst when he decided
to invest more in the sector in
September October and there have been a
better um positioning in that um sector
which very attractive valuation to start
with yet you can see that is one of the
sectors that AI could be a beneficiary.
So to me it's more we are moving from uh
in 2026 for world it was more about AI
supplier to AI adopter and I see
healthcare as one of the beneficiary of
that
>> AI as a tool for better efficiency or
diagnostics.
>> Uh I would say both. Yeah. Uh first is
more uh the computing power is helping
on the the diagnostic tool and to really
making sure that they could potentially
discover faster uh some cure medicine
and then you have also efficiency which
we are seeing in all industry uh which
are prone from AI disruption and that's
where I see that margins could be
improving despite some of the um issues
that we we may be discussing on the
labor market. On the AI front though, I
I think we've had sort of two stories
out this morning that are sending a
little bit of a note of caution uh
around AI demand generally. I'm thinking
about Microsoft for instance that's been
forced to deny essentially there's been
a report of of it having slowing demand
for some of its AI tools. Snowflake for
instance is also reporting of of weaker
demand uh for its AI products.
I mean, does that also
create concern next year about I mean,
we've already had the concern about the
AI bubble, but does it even intensify in
2026?
>> I think the the um it's that story where
you need to do research on who will be
the winner and who will be the um the
lagard in that AI revolution. It will
take time to really uh unfold. Um Google
for example was quite penalized at the
beginning of the year and now is viewed
as as a leader. So I think it's too
early to be too negative on Microsoft or
others. It will be really um they have
no choice to invest. Capex is really a
way to maintain their dominance as a
hyperscalers and it's something that
they will continue to do. So I would not
be too negative on Microsoft and not too
bullish on Google because it will
continue to evolve and you have to adapt
uh to this change. I alluded to it
earlier. One of your top conviction
calls are EM stocks. But where amongst
the EM?
>> So um we uh we are still bullish on um
Asia including China. Uh that's an area
where you have no matter wins who wins
in the AI revolution. Asia is a supplier
of some of these tools. So Korea, Taiwan
continues to be um preferred in our
models. Korea you have also the
corporate governance story that is a
long journey to unfold and uh we for
China it will be more the China tech
sector we are earlier than in the US in
that race they have to develop their own
ecosystem and what that means is that we
can see um a long journey to benefit
from that China tech sector
>> so really when you take that read across
then you're continuing to to favor
allocation to the tech sectors across
those benchmarks Yeah. And especially
outside the US, I think in the US you
have to be a bit more differentiating
and in the US I would play more for the
broadening of the markets.
>> Okay.
>> Uh because valuations are a bit too high
on the tech sector. At the same time I
see better opportunities outside the US
>> in China. Would would you be looking at
eventually the AI suppliers, the ones
that are developing or those that adopt
first, those that are truly adopting
these lower cost models in China? Yeah,
I think in China you have to look at
both because the supplier will be
definitely uh in favor at at start. Yes,
China is developing an AI ecosystem that
is potentially more efficient than in
the US but uh they will go through the
same phase where you need to invest
first before you see the adoption and
the adopter being favored. So a bit more
on the supplier in China compared to the
US.
>> Thomas, thanks so much for your time.
Thank you. Great television coming in
there. Thomas Pulawek, head of global
investment solutions APAC and portfolio
manager at Troll Price. Still ahead, UK
Prime Minister Kier Starmer is set to
approve a massive new Chinese embassy in
London, reviving plans for a diplomatic
[music] reset with Beijing. Details and
much, much more coming up next. This is
the China [music] Show and this is
Bloomberg.
And welcome back. You're watching the
China Show here on Bloomberg television.
The presidents of France and China are
currently meeting in Beijing as Emanuel
Mcron begins a three-day trip to China.
Let's get more from our China
correspondent Min Lo. So Min, how much
is Taiwan really going to be at the
center of these talks? There's so many
other global issues that are coming to
the four obviously with Ukraine and also
trade.
>> Yeah. Well, Taiwan has been an important
issue ahead of the trip because we
already got lines from that from the
foreign ministry and we had Wangi
calling the diplomatic adviser of Macron
ahead of the trip. But to be honest, I
think this is an area where the room for
negotiation is very narrow um on all
issues of geopolitics, whether it's
Taiwan, whether it's Russia, that's
where I think we see the least room for
a big outcome. But where we could see
more movement or forward movement or
progress is perhaps the trade issues,
right? And I think you can get a sense
of what is important to France by
looking at who is accompanying him on
this trip. If you put up uh the graphic
there, you can see we have uh the head
of Airbus and we know there is a Chinese
aircraft leasing company that is in
talks to try to negotiate a deal with
Airbus. We have the head of Danon. We
have the head of uh Remy uh Quantro
which is the Cornia company. And that
shows you that Macron is still hoping to
push back or get China to lift those
tariffs on French cognac. And of course,
there is still French dairy, French pork
products that are still under a probe
right now. Those conclusions still not
uh completed yet. Uh and I think he'll
be pushing back against any potential
tariffs. And of course, this is all in
retaliation to the EV tariffs that the
EU has imposed. and France had been a
key player at the time in shaping the EU
opinion that eventually led to those
tariffs.
>> Just say seeing them earlier inspecting
the guard here. This is not live
footage, but but uh what is notable
about this trip in particular as well is
just the fact that it's it's going to
include more stops than just Beijing. So
they're heading to Changdu and uh what
else can we expect to be on the agenda?
Yeah, I think it's interesting as you
said, it's quite rare that a foreign
leader gets to meet Ci not just in
Beijing, but she is traveling with him
to Chungdu as well. And when I think of
Chungdu, I think of the pandas, right?
That's where the conservation base. So,
I bet they're going to make a stop there
for some, you know, uh, panda diplomacy.
But Chungdu is a place where you get
cheap electricity. There's a lot of
hydropower in the Sichuan area. So, it's
a heavy industrial base. There is that's
where you have a lot of biomedical uh
companies there. You have a lot of
autos, you have aviation. So it's a an
important ind industrial base. So they
might be negotiating some deals. We know
the France side French has the French
side has hinted that there could be
energy and transport deals that are on
the table. Of course, don't forget
critical minerals is something that the
French will want to push for as well to
ensure that they can get those supplies
without delay. And I think another
important context is France is going to
take over the leadership of G7 um and
they'll be hosting that next year and we
previously reported that Mcron was
floating the idea of inviting President
C to attend the G7 summit. Um I mean
something that is I don't know if
President C would be open to that just
given the how hostile the rhetoric has
been from G from G7 but clearly Macron
would have some power in shaping the G7
conversations there and there's a lot of
things for both sides to iron out. Yeah.
Uh, great reporting there, Mim. That was
our China correspondent there, Mim Lo.
But let's also shift because it has sort
of been one of the questions, you know,
is the UK getting a little bit left out
essentially as as governments push ahead
with with forging these ties with China.
>> Macron in Beijing. I think Mertz is
going to be going to China as well, the
German chancellor. So yeah, there might
be some of that. So what we understand
now is that the UK government could be
poised to approve China's plan rather
for a massive new embassy in London.
That's his Prime Minister Karmama looks
to revive his push for a diplomatic
reset with uh President Xiinping as
well. Let's bring in our executive
editor for Greater China. That's John
Lou who's joining us this morning from
Taipei. and John. Yeah. Just just talk
to us about exactly
where the relationship stands between
the two countries today and and why this
embassy as well has become such a big
sticking point.
>> Well, so this embassy that China has
proposed to build in London, it would be
the largest diplomatic uh uh sort of uh
place uh location for China in all of
Europe. Uh there's been a lot of
controversy. There were some uh
gentlemen in the UK charged with spying
on behalf of China. Those charges were
later dropped. There's been a lot of
criticism of how the British government
handled those uh allegations. And the
the British government has also
postponed the decision on the MC a
number of times, most recently to the
end of December, sorry, to the end of
January. And as we understand now, uh,
Prime Minister Stararma is, uh, planning
to approve the embassy at, uh, on around
January 20th and then make a trip to
Beijing at the end of that month.
So John, we talked about it a little bit
before we came to you and that is
essentially the UK or at least Starmer
feels that uh they're being a bit
outplayed by other rivals whether it's
Germany and France as far as having a
more sophisticated approach to dealing
and engaging with China. uh is that at
the forefront of of approving this this
uh new embassy and also just Starmer
saying we need to engage uh with the
world's second biggest economy.
>> Well, certainly you know global trade
has become more challenging because of
the role that the United States once
played and it's sort of that role is
beginning to transform under President
Trump and the UK, France, Germany, many
of the European allies of the United
States. They're looking to uh for other
markets for their goods. Um that's why
Macron is here in Beijing uh this week.
It's why we had the deputy chancellor of
Germany visit uh earlier last month.
It's why Prime Minister Starma is
planning to come. He himself said in
London that that his government wants to
take a more pro business approach to the
relationship with China at the same time
not sacrificing national security
concerns and I think making sure that uh
China uh the market here is open to
British businesses is going to be at the
top of his agenda.
It's interesting. Starmer's comments
have been quite critical obviously of
the former conservative leadership, but
essentially saying it has been a
dereliction of duty not to engage in
China uh with China. So is this sort of
the opening that Starmer sees to um have
a new era with with Beijing?
>> I think he certainly would like to
increase the amount of trade between the
two countries. um that's going to be
constrained by those concerns about
national security. Uh we talked about
the uh allegations of espionage. Uh
obviously China's uh diplomatic economic
support of Russia's war effort in
Ukraine that that is a big sticking
point for many of the European countries
uh that that at the same time want to do
more business with China. And also there
is this uh increasing uh large volumes
of exports coming from China to Europe
uh be it in the form of shiing and timu
uh in terms of crossber e-commerce but
also in lots of other industries and
there is a concern that u Chinese uh
exports could overwhelm a lot of local
British businesses and so there's a lot
of things that need to be balanced but
all in all I do think that star sees uh
this relationship as being an important
one one that can help prop up uh the
British economy.
>> Our executive editor for Greater China,
John Leo, joining us this morning from
Taipei. Thanks a lot, John. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show and this
is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, welcome back to the China
Show. All right, here are some other
tech stories we are following. Microsoft
shares fell in the regular session
overnight after a report of weaker
demand for some of its AI tools. The
information says uh several divisions
have cut quotas for AI product sales
[music] increases after many missed
their targets. Microsoft denying the
report saying aggregate [music] sale
quotas for its AI products have not been
lowered. Bloomberg has also learned that
Meta has poached Apple's most prominent
design executive as the social network
accelerates a push towards AI enabled
consumer devices. Alan Dy had a run had
run Apple's user interface design team
since 2015. [music]
Sources say it's replacing Dye with
longtime designer Steven Lame.
Interesting development there, Belle.
We'll we'll chat about that a little bit
later. More plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, it's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo and
Japanese [music] markets are just going
on their lunch break in a minute. It has
been a very strong session. We're
watching the financial sector in
particular because we're seeing very
strong moves in in bonds this morning
and it is this anticipation that we have
continuing to build around what the BOJ
does at its upcoming meeting. I think
it's actually scheduled for December 19.
So, in a couple of weeks from now, we
will have that Fed decision as well uh
for the BOJ to reflect upon. But we have
really seen just sort of an
inevitability building in that 10-year
yield uh tracking. I mean, it's at the
highest level now since 2007, but
perhaps that that 2% we're marching
toward that. So, that really could cause
some havoc in secondary markets across
the yield curve. But, as we said, that
focus really on the Japanese financial
sector because lenders are the big watch
for us. You've got that rotation into
the sector. It's continued to really
accelerate as well. Uh we have seen
again these these BOJ rate hike bets.
they're rising because we've had Kazua's
comments about them as well. So, let's
cross to Ya Wagatsuma who is our Japan
Japan equities reporter rather in Tokyo
this morning. So, a let's just talk
about the bank stocks. I mean, you can
see there even on a two-month basis,
it's been very strong gains for the
sector. How sustainable is that and and
how much more movement do you see to the
upside given that you again have seen
that strong performance year to date?
>> Great. Thank you so much. um that for
the J Japanese banking stocks as the
Bank of Japan will have a decision um
this month there will be more gains for
the Japanese banking sector for at least
this month as well as next month as well
as for the overnight index swaps we can
see that more than there's there's a
more than 80% chance of a December rate
hike and around 90 more than 90% for
January so as long as these um rate
hikes, uh, speculations go on, the
banking sector will continue to gain
further.
>> Now, you know, there's been a rotation
obviously into banks, but at the expense
of chip stocks. Why is that? What what's
going on with the chips?
So as for the chip stocks, there has
been concerns that there is an AI bubble
at the moment and therefore a lot of
investors are a bit wary and cautious on
the AI chip stocks and especially so
because the AI chips have been gaining
for for a really long time this year. So
there uh people have been moving towards
banking sectors and rotating into them
and taking profits on the semiconductor
sectors for the as as of yesterday the
MCI Japan financials were was up 7% last
month while for the MSCI Japan
semiconductors index they were down 7%
last month.
What is the the the next area that
investors should be watching for then?
Do you think
>> the next thing that investors should be
concerned about or actually looking into
would be what the policy message will be
from Bank of from the Bank of Japan this
December as well as the Bank of Japan um
Governor UEA's speech after the rate
decision comes out on December 19th.
Right now, the yields are currently very
high at the moment and Japan's 10-year
yields are near their 2008 high. There
are concerns around the yields going up
too high um with the Japanese uh banking
sector if there is an increase in the
interest rates going up too high. There
could be an increase in securities
valuation losses. So, there are good
things and bad things for Japanese
banking banks should interest rates go
too high.
Aya, thanks so much. Japan equities
reporter Ya Wagatsuma. Uh, joining us
there from Tokyo. Joining us now is
Carrie Lee, global market strategist at
DBS Hong Kong. Welcome and thanks for
joining us this morning. So, the
overarching theme this morning and it
was on the markets overnight was u the
bets have increased that there's going
to be probably 25 basis point cut next
week when the Fed meets. Is that what
you're baked in and how many more cuts
going into the new year? Okay. So, um
actually we also believe that there will
be a um fat rate cut next week because
the data already shows certain weakness
in the US labor market like the ADP
employment change last night. And um the
thing is that after the next week's
interest rate cut, what will be the uh
rate cut trajectory into 2026? We think
um the Fed may only have another rate
cut in 2026 because actually before Fed
Williams talk about how he supported a
near-term rate cut before that quite a
few Fed members actually they talk about
their concerns about inflation and they
prefer to be cautious about future rate
cut trajectory. So in uh next week's
FOMC meeting actually our focus will be
more on the dot plot to see whether they
will uh prefer to remain cautious next
year or to uh lean towards the dovish
side because the market is now pricing
in kind of two to three cuts next year
which to us uh looks a bit dovish.
>> Yeah, exactly. and you've sort of seen
that being reflected and and maybe that
big question mark as well. Then again
going back to the dollar, what's sort of
the the the key ranges that you're
looking at then for it to hold?
>> Okay, so for the dollar index, we see a
very strong correlation between uh the
dollar itself and the fed car
expectations. So recently we see an
increase in the bets on fic. So the
dollar index actually retraced lower
quite a fair bit but somehow it still
hold uh above the 98.5 level. So if next
week we're going to see the Fed being
less dovish than expected then probably
the dollar index is not going to fall
much further. Also uh don't forget there
is some scenar uh seasonality actually
also weighing down the dollar index.
Apart from that we don't see a lot of
reasons to chase the dollar lower from
here. Let's pivot out here with the
Japanese policy makers. Obviously,
there's uh all kinds of speculation
about how you know bullish they will be
on increasing uh their rates or hawkish
I should say on increasing their rates.
Uh what's your expectations into the new
year that the BOJ will have to start
tightening uh and what does that mean
for the yen which has been just
languishing at 155? Yeah. So for the uh
BOJ actually we also expect them to hike
interest rate this month because firstly
we have this sticky inflation then the
wage growth has been steady and the
Japanese yen has been quite weak and
more importantly BOJ's governor Wuera
already hinted at a U rate hike this
month. So we do expect it to come up uh
later and next year we also expect the
BOJ will have another rate hike to 1%
bring the policy rate to 1%. The thing
is whether there will be a big gap
between this month's rate hike and the
next rate hike because for the market
now it's expecting even if there is a
hike in this month or January the next
hike will only happen in the second half
of next year which means there will be a
long pause. Yeah. In that case it would
be it would not be a very good news for
the Japanese yen bulls.
>> Right. So it so it will probably
languish around 150. I'm not asking you
necessarily to give us a number, but
there has been no uh appreciation
momentum in the yen despite all this
jawboning of hiking.
>> Yeah. Um basically for um those
investors who really turn bullish on the
Japanese yen, they may need to have a
very certain timing of um continuous
rate hike from uh BOJ to come up. But
this seems to not be the case. And on
the other hand for the Fed if they
remain less bullish uh or less dovish
than expected then there will be still a
very wide yield differential then this
negative carry probably is going to cap
uh the downside of dollar yen around
150.
>> Yeah exactly that it's also the dollar
story as well the direction for the Fed
that that very much plays into it. Uh
the story today as well has has been
really watching what's happening with
the Chinese currency and we saw that
that fix the strongest that we've seen
relative to estimates going back to
2022. Where do you see the currency
heading?
>> Okay. Um the market has turned quite
positive in terms of the riming B lately
but we tend to be more cautious uh with
this round of um strength in the reming
B because we do see quite a few positive
drivers supporting the reming B say for
example a better relationship between US
and China capital inflows into China's
onshore market lower and lower fixing
rate and of course the seasonality which
means exporters they try to convert the
foreign currency holding into riming be
but also we see from the data like the
PMI data still shows some sluggishness
in China's economy and probably because
um they want to support the exports they
don't want to see very strong reming be
at this juncture so the fixing has been
set above uh traders aims so we will see
the range between 7.06 to 7.08 08. Uh if
there is a firm break out below this
range, will we uh later see another uh
target around 7.02?
>> What what do you think is the rate say
mid year next year that the PBOC would
be comfortable with? Uh is it going to
be stronger than 7 6.9? Uh at this
juncture we don't see the dollar signage
um actually falling below seven mark
because we still believe that they try
to maintain the stability of the local
currency instead of um further
strengthening it because still export is
the concern because they don't want to
actually jeopardize this very key
contributor to China's growth at this
moment and of course on the other hand
once again it's a dollar story if the US
dollar remains supported. There is also
not much reason for the reming to be to
strengthen much further from here.
>> The PBOC also has been a a major buyer
of gold.
>> Uh do you see that buying? I mean we've
already seen sort of moderation from
from central bank buying generally but
but what is the gold outlook for you?
>> Yeah. Uh it's quite interesting because
over the past few years it has been the
central bank buying that's supporting
the gold. So the central bank tend to
buy and hold sell them sell their
assets. So the uh gold don't see much
decline before this year but this year
actually central bank buying has been
moderated and the major demand has been
the investment demand and the retail
demand and those kind of investor they
do sell to take profit or to cut loss or
for whatever reason. So gold price seems
to have more volatility this year.
However, we still think out of um the
market actually beyond the fiat currency
space. There is seldom asset that is so
good to hatch against different kind of
uncertainties like geopolitical risk,
fat independence concerns, US fiscal
sustainability concerns. Gold is still a
goto asset for the investors. So, this
kind of demand may remain strong and we
still believe that gold will retest its
historical high or even go higher
towards $4,500
per ounce in the sec first half of next
year.
>> All right, still solid uh bullish trend
maybe. Carrie, thanks so much for
joining us this morning. That was Carrie
Lee there, global market strategist at
DBS Hong Kong. We'll have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberug.
[music]
>> [music]
>> And welcome back to the China show.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is set
to arrive in India later today for his
first visit since Russia's invasion of
Ukraine. The trip comes as sanctions and
US pressure seek to curb an energy trade
vital to Russia and critical for India.
Let's bring in Bloomberg's India
government reporter Sudi Ranjan Sen from
New Delhi. So Sudi what what is expected
uh any big announcements expected?
Well, the you know the the big thing uh
about you the visit of course is the
message that it goes out coming at the
time as it does it's a state visit that
the that India is extending uh to uh
Putin which means all you know there's
going to be a lot of show pomp around
the visit on the expectations and
deliverables
uh you know the question about uh you
know both side framing this entire visit
around trade and more commerce India
definitely wants to get to reduce the
trade deficit that it has with Russia.
Uh over the last couple of years and
especially after the Ukraine war, India
started picking up more Russian crude
leading to a higher trade deficit. Both
sides are trying to cut down that
deficit. But questions about defense uh
and and issues about buying more Russian
crude. We know that uh the United States
has sa sanctioned major Russian
companies leading to a drop in crude. So
all those remain. What are the likely
del deliverables? We may expect you know
we are likely to see announcements on
buying more Indian products to cut down
that deficit and also maybe something on
you know something to help trained
Indian professionals move to Russia much
more easily. That means a mobility
agreement is being talked. These are the
these are the things that we are being
told by uh you know by officials in the
foreign ministry in India.
>> Yeah I think that's a very big question.
And you know if you see any sort of
accord does that also jeopardize New
Delhi's talks with Washington just when
they're trying to ink a trade deal but
talk to us about sort of the overall
overarching importance of this visit
just why is it so significant?
Well to begin with it's the timing of
the visit although I mean India and
Russia leaders of India and Russia meet
uh once a year and it is alternative
once the Indian prime minister you know
one alternatively the Indian prime
minister goes to Russia and the Russian
president comes to India this has been
there for the last two decades now ever
since Indian and Russia you know decided
to have a strategic partnership but
given the timing the fact that the
Ukraine war is there there are peace
discussions uh peace plan in progress
with uh under discussion with with the
United States. At the same point of
time, President Trump has made it very
clear that he doesn't really like India
buying Russian oil, Russian military
weapons. The visit at this point of time
kind of shows that India at you know
which is which is negotiating a trade
deal hasn't been able to get that is
also trying to signal to the United
States that is very capable of deciding
its foreign policy uh you know who it's
maintained its relationship
independently despite what the you know
what the United States thinks and that
is the you know the key importance of
this visit also this is a state visit
which means the you know the entire
state is out and the and you know to to
make it and make this visit a very big
visit. So the the messaging around the
visit uh is kind of shows that India is
also trying to send a message to the
United States that fair enough the trade
deal hasn't come ties are not so good
but we have other other friends and
other allies. It's the same thing that
the Russian president will also try to
show uh and and what experts and
analysts tell us here for Russia it's a
message that it's not uh so to say you
know so to say a junior partner of the
Chinese but it has its own independent
foreign policy and friends most
importantly friends uh like India
>> Sudi thanks so much for joining us that
was our India government reporter Sudi
Ranjan Sen there and just as we were uh
talking there has been a redhead
crossing the terminal this morning and
this is the property developer country
garden. Its debt restructuring plan has
been approved just in the last few
moments by Hong Kong court. Now this was
it's it's more than 14 billion debt
restructuring plan essentially it's been
2 years of of restructuring talks with
this company. So they'd already got the
backing of this from debt holders but
but just getting that green light now
from the Hong Kong court means that the
plan uh can proceed essentially.
>> And this is absolutely critical. Yeah,
you're right. They got the shareholders
approval back in November. Now uh
essentially getting the green light to
go ahead because they really wanted to
avoid the fate of China Everrand which
was ordered to liquidate. Uh and again
this is was once the biggest home seller
in China by sales. Uh so a bit
essentially this is a lifeline for them.
>> Yeah. It's been as well just the sort of
the culmination of what's been a very
protracted negotiation process that at
times was really on the verge of
collapse. But even with that, you know,
the company's future is still very
uncertain because to your point, you've
got those concerns around China Vanka
delaying their debt repayment. What does
that puttend generally uh for the China
property space and demand that we see as
well?
>> Well, the demand hasn't returned. Right.
Exactly.
>> So, there hasn't been a floor put on
that and there hasn't been a big bang
stimulus from the Chinese uh government
other than to essentially protect
people's mortgages and the negative
equity. But what about the developers?
Yeah, more focused on the projects
themselves, not so much on the companies
in question. But let's get back to India
because uh the rupee as well has slipped
past the psychological that's a key
psychological of 90 per dollar. Delays
in sealing as we were discussing just
then that crucial trade deal with
Washington are certainly hurting
sentiment as well. So let's get more
with our emerging markets macro
strategist Marcus Wong who joins us this
morning from Singapore. So uh Marcus
just talk us through it. We mentioned
there that the sort of primary driver
perhaps being around around this delay
on the the the talks with Washington,
but where exactly or how low can can the
rupee go in the in the near term?
>> That that's a brilliant question, right?
I I think you know um going ahead for
the last few days ahead of this $90
level, people are wondering whether you
know it'll be breached and we just saw
it breached just um just this week. So I
mean I mean it's hard to point to point
a certain level to a low at this point
in time because you know the um as you
pointed out you know the fundamental
factors uh for a bearish rupee are there
you know there still there still there
still doesn't exist um any trade deal
between India and US and just remember
this this the tariffs on India basically
are the highest in in emerging Asia at
this point in time. Um so you take a
step back you know just a few weeks ago
there was some sense of optimism um that
a trade deal could be closed in the near
term and I did this float into
expectations to for investors as also as
well as the reserve bank of India um you
know we saw them defending uh the rupee
at varying levels throughout this time
um but there's a sense in the market now
that you know the RBI might be more
tolerant of um you know rupee weakness
moving forward um possibly because they
are partially trying to preserve uh
ammunition preserve their foreign
reserves Because if you know the the
idea going in was basically to to defend
the rupee up until the point there is a
trade deal between India and the US. But
you know as we head into December uh as
we head towards the end of December um I
think investors are increasingly
skeptical over a possible trade deal in
the near term. Of course this is up in
the air. Um but you know what could only
see a meaningful turnaround the rupee
will of course be a trade deal. Um that
of course has flawed expectations. For
example, you know, traders were saying
that exporters have refrained from
selling dollars um you know on
expectations that the rupee might weaken
even further. So of all the of all this
of course has ex exacerbated uh the
weakness in the rupee. Uh we actually
just seen the dollar u the dollar
rupeefs uh this morning Asia time fall
to a fresh record low. Uh so all we can
say is that you know the rupee could be
headed for more weakness ahead.
>> So so so what other events are we going
to be looking at? You talked about a
possible trade deal uh that has been in
the works, but also uh I guess the the
the central bank is limited in its uh
what ability as well as its intent uh to
keep on intervening.
>> Yes. I I mean I mean those factors are
at play. Um you know aside from that you
know you know you're right to say the
intent as well as ability. Um and one
thing that investors are looking out for
especially from a domestic perspective
would be uh whether RBI cuts rates at
December meeting. Um you know of course
you know the the you know the comments
from the RBI governor recently suggested
that the December rate cut is actually
really a real possibility but because of
the weakness we've seen the rupee there
some analysts in the market are actually
doubting that actually a rate cut will
happen because of course a rate cut
might even lead to more rupee weakness.
Um al although that been said you know
RBI holding rates uh may help the rupee
at a margin but you know as a real
return will only be can only be seen
from a US India trade deal.
>> All right Bloomberg emerging markets
macro strategist Marcus Wong. Good
stuff. Thanks for joining us. More to
come on the China show as we wrap up
this Thursday edition. This is
Bloomberg.
You're right.
[music]
Quick check on Marcus this morning. And
one of the big sectors [music] that's in
focus is what's happening in the robotic
space. I think this is actually
interesting because there's this
reporting from Politico that the Trump
administration may go all in on the
robot sector next year and issue perhaps
an executive order to try and ramp up
production. These are the China names
though and they're actually still
[music] benefiting out of this even
though a lot of focus has been on where
would be the Asian supplies into [music]
the states but China copper stocks the
other one that we're tracking very close
so we have seen that metal hitting a
fresh record there's [music] this risk
of a tariff fueled squeeze but that's it
for the China show insight is Next.